Account management updates (#296)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/other/portal/account-management.md

---
title: "Account management"
description: "Learn how to change your Codat account settings and reset your password"
---

## Managing your account

You can now change details and settings of your user profile in the [Codat Portal](https://app.codat.io/). Click on a circle with your initials in the top right corner of the portal to access the [Account settings](https://app.codat.io/settings/account) page. 

![A screenshot of the dropdown menu that allows to navigate to account settings](/img/other-guides/0012-acct-mgt-access.png)

> In the **Profile** section, you can change the name associated with the account, and confirm your involvement with the technical implementation of your Codat solution. Remember to press **Save changes** when you are done. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **Profile** section, you can change the name associated with the account, and confirm your involvement with the technical implementation of your Codat solution. Remember to click **Save changes** when you are done. 
```

In the **Password** section, you can change your current password to a new one, following the instructions below. 

![A screenshot of Account settings page with ](/img/other-guides/0013-acct-mgmt-page.png)

## Changing your password

If you want to change your password (for example, for security reasons), you can do so on the [Account settings](https://app.codat.io/settings/account) page:

1. In the **Password** section, enter your current password.
2. Then, enter and confirm your new password. We provide you with a list of password requirements, and measure the strength of your new password.

> 3. Finally, press **Update password** to save your changes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Finally, click **Update password** to save your changes. 
```

Reviewer: **Update password** is styled as a button, so I think we should use "click".

> If you forgot your password and are looking to reset it, perform the following steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have forgotten your password and are looking to reset it:
```

1. Click **Forgot your password?** on the sign-in screen.

> 2. Next, enter the email you registered with.

Reviewer: I don't think this short procedure needs "next" and "finally". I appreciate this text was already there!
